**Wrangling Data Flow Target Persona & Use Cases**

**Target Persona**: Data Engineer/ “Citizen data integrator”

*Fast Data Exploration/Preparation interactively \@scale*

Multiple data engineers/ citizen data integrators can interactively
explore/prepare the datasets \@cloud scale. With the rise of volume, variety and
velocity of data in the data lakes, sometimes you need to
explore/wrangle/prepare a data set or you are just asked to create a new
dataset. For example: In the lake, create a dataset that “has all customer
demographic info for new customers since 2017”.  In this case you are not
“mapping” to a known target , you are just exploring/wrangling/prepping data
sets to meet the requirement and then you will publish it in the lake.  These
are often used for less formal/modelling analytics scenarios (i.e. data engineer
built a data set for ad hoc analysis, data engineer is operationalizing a
self-service project built by an information worker etc. The prepped datasets
can then be used for doing any transformations, machine learning operations
downstream.

*Code-free agile data preparation*

Citizen data integrators spent more than 60% of their time looking for and
preparing the data. They are looking to do it in a code free manner to improve
operational productivity. Allowing citizen data integrators to enrich, shape,
publish the data using known tools like Power Query Online (Online version of
Power Query in MS excel) in a scalable manner drastically improves their
productivity. Wrangling Data Flow in Azure Data Factory (ADF) enables the
familiar Power Query Online mashup editor to allow citizen data integrators to
fix errors quickly, standardize the data and produce high quality data to
support business decision makers.

*Data Validation*

Visually scan your data in a code-free manner to remove any outliers, anomalies
and conform it to a shape for fast analytics.
